I have had it with that whole what
Weasley that was a scum and that
mudblood Granger and that little nothing
but little chrome Porter we need to get
them and make their lives as miserable
as they ah I need a plan what do you
think oh yeah lesson you - swords I need
a plan to get Porter suggestions would
be appreciated Shawn yes yes but how
come we're the boss yes yes we are the
boss but how do we show them we are the
boss
that's your plan tasty you are dismissed
skin
my job
Oh
and I'm going to get your friend
yeah boy I'm gonna let you get hairy
right you you or jokey on your word you
will be too
ah
get rid of food
go ahead boys you have the boo
let's go
aha no I'm just going to plus what do
you know one level some holes kick my
hair into microboy
children just stop it both of you
I'll bake about you
I'll walk away but I'll be back
you